The bottons on the Wholesale Customers Details page loses the styling once I resize the screen.
It does work on the other feature though.

In the Wholesale Customers Details now I have the same issue I had before with the ID column
in the Wholesale Customers Prices feature page. When I use Column Selector to show the columns,
they are added to the right end of the table, rather than in their respective place.

I need a "Edit" button in the Funtionality Bar in the Wholesale Customers Details page which
brings up the same form as the Create Customer, but this time it's prefilled with the current
data in all the fields and the user can just change those details and save the edit by clicking
"Save Customer Details" button. The new data is then overwrites the previous data.
OOOOOOORRRRRR
I can actually allow user to edit the fields in-line, just like I have in the
Wholesale Customers Prices feature page.

I need pagination

I need to freeze the table header row and maybe the Business name column.





Second part of this task is the prices.
So, I need to break this down into a few smaller steps:
 1. I need to adjust the Create new customer form to include a new field - a checkbox saying
 "Custom Pricing?".
    a) If the checkbox is ticked, then a new "area" appears just below (slightly
    darker colour background) with a nested dropdown interface:
    - First dropdown: Select coffee
    - Second dropdwon: Select bag size
    Then there should be a field where the user should input the price (field label: "Custom Price").
    Then there should be a button "+" which allows to add one more area with the nested dropdowns
    and field for custom price - in case I want to give this customer custom prices for more than
    one coffee.
    Also, when hitting the "Create Customer" button and writing their data in both - Wholesale Customers Details and Wholesale Customers Prices sheets,
    the custom price becomes "locked" meaning, the checkbox to the left of the Product and BagSize column must be ticked in the Wholesale Customers Prices sheet.
    In this way, whenever I change the List Price for that particular product, the ticked checkbox ensures that the custom prices next to that checkbox cannot be
    overwritten by the action of appending customer prices (as they are created/edited in the "Prices" sheet)

    b) if the checkbox is left unticked, that means the prices are List Prices and can be overwritten by the action of appending customer prices because they are not "locked".




Password reset and email verification features

For the password reset and email verification features to work I need to set necessary email configurations in .env file:
EMAIL_HOST: This is the hostname of the email server you'll use to send emails (e.g., smtp.gmail.com for Gmail).
EMAIL_PORT: The port number used by the email server (e.g., 587 for TLS or 465 for SSL).
EMAIL_USER: The username or email address used to authenticate with the email server.
EMAIL_PASS: The password for the email account or an app-specific password.
EMAIL_FROM: The email address that will appear as the sender of the emails.

Single_Sign-On (SSO)

I need to set up a single sign on feature. But need to chose the email service provider first (Gmail, SendGrid, Mailgun, Amazon SES) and then set up everything. 
Read a bit about SSO here: https://help.mailgun.com/hc/en-us/articles/1260801912270-SAML-SSO
For production use, consider using a transactional email service like SendGrid or Mailgun, which are designed for sending automated emails from web applications.

Multi-factor authentication (MFA)



DEPLOYEMENT QUESTIONS

1) NODE_ENV=development vs production (in backend\middleware\errorMiddleware.js and elsewhere)
2) localhost???
3) Google Cloud / App Engine: Your app.yaml file for Google App Engine deployment


OTHER QUESTIONS

Given all this development we've made here how would you describe my appliaction in terms of is it using microservice, or other terms etc.

How does the multi-organisation multi-tenant work. How is in our context the data is separated from organisation to organisation?

Docerisation?